Necklaces should be for girlfriends and wives.
It is not suitable for you to send Xiaoya.
A gemstone necklace
They're like sesame beans to me.
I gave you so many before
What's wrong with sending a necklace to our daughter?
But oh, stop thinking.
Take it to sleep and I will hold you to sleep
Mr. Zhang has long admired the name
Little beautiful woman, you are so sensible
I truly adore you.
I heard you started from scratch
Make the company big and strong
You are amazing
You are looking for me
Say
Then I'll just say it
Li Fei, the model who rejected you before?
He's my nemesis.
He offends you from time to time
I want to make him unable to get along in the modeling circle through you
You want to borrow my knife to kill your people
I'm at a loss.
This is 1 million
Deal with this scumbag
I can also give you a discount.
Happy cooperation